feat: Add Table of Contents component (#1248)
Amsterdam/design-system: packages/css/src/components/table-of-contents/README.md

<!-- @license CC0-1.0 -->

# Table of Contents

> A table of contents is a list of links to sections of a document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of links corresponding to the content sections on the page.
It helps users to easily navigate to different sections on the same page.
```
